Perigean: Okay once more for the recording armstead. Is it? Okay? If we record today's session.
P16: Yes, it is.
Perigean: Great.
Perigean: Okay?
Perigean: So the 1st thing
Perigean: during our session today, I'm going to have you imagine a series of situations using a special version of the Va mobile app.
Perigean: and in a few minutes I'm going to send you a link to that special version of the app for you to explore. So I'm gonna
Perigean: we're gonna start getting it all set up right now.
Perigean: The 1st thing we need to do
Perigean: is I need to be able to see your screen. So I'm gonna help you share it in zoom.
P16: Hmm.
Perigean: Alright. So, looking at the zoom screen, if you tap anywhere on it.
Perigean: it will make some icons come up from the bottom.
Perigean: Wake up.
Perigean: and one of those icons is share.
Perigean: It should be kind of in the middle. It's green, and there's an arrow pointing up.
P16: Is that the bottom? You say?
Perigean: Yeah, it's at the, but it's usually hiding. Unless you tap on the on the screen of the ipad.
Perigean: it should be at the at the bottom.
P16: The only thing I see is
P16: something misses.
Perigean: Oh, it may be on the side. Hold on! Let me look on my ipad.
Perigean: so I'm double. Sometimes they move stuff around between
Perigean: ipad and iphone. Let me double check to be absolutely certain.
Perigean: Join? No, we're gonna
Perigean: oh, goodness!
P16: I can see where it says
P16: this meeting is being recorded.
Perigean: Recorded on.
P16: I have to hit. Okay on that
P16: number. Touch it again.
P16: And when I do.
Perigean: There you go!
Perigean: Hold on one second. I'm looking to get the
Perigean: the meeting.
Perigean: Oh, hold on a second. I'm gonna double check where the look, the location of the controls on my ipad for you.
Perigean: I don't want to tell you to look in the wrong spot. I have zoom open. Then I'll know exactly where it is.
Perigean: Course it wants me to update.
Perigean: Thank you for your patience.
P16: Oh, I I have a head cause the patience
P16: people have to give me. Also, when I'm conducting meetings.
P16: Okay, at the bottom, I can see.
Perigean: Okay, go ahead. Okay.
P16: I see like.
Perigean: Hmm, yeah.
Perigean: people, there should be one. It's a box
Perigean: with an arrow pointing up. It's green on mine.
Perigean: I'm double checking. Here. Let's see? 8, 8,
Perigean: 7. Oh.
Perigean: yeah. Let me just 100%.
P16: I don't know if it's in this Conga where my photo is, cause I can't move my photo
P16: of myself.
Perigean: Yeah, we go.
P16: Maybe t-.
Perigean: Kitchen, Nope.
P16: Still.
Perigean: Gonna let myself in from the
Perigean: I'm on my ipad now, too. No audio.
P16: Yes, ma'am.
Perigean: Meeting is being recorded. I told you the wrong thing. It's at the top.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: Do you is, do you see a big red button in the top corner of your ipad?
P16: It says, leave.
Perigean: Yeah, don't push that. I just wanna make sure that that's where it is for you. Okay? So when you when you see that.
P16: Some say more.
Perigean: You don't want more. Next to it is people.
P16: Oh, 5!
Perigean: Food and.
P16: The green, but share content.
Perigean: Yes, we felt.
P16: Yeah.
Perigean: There, it's you.
P16: My little magnifier.
Perigean: Perfect set. Choose that. Okay, I'm gonna leave my zoom thing alright. So you're gonna choose that. And then you're gonna get a
Perigean: a.
P16: Brand, new.
Perigean: Choices. Yes, so choose screen, please.
P16: I did.
Perigean: Okay? And then you're gonna be on a screen that has.
P16: Blank contacts.
Perigean: Yeah screen broadcast. There's a button that says broadcast.
P16: Last screen, you only see.
P16: Bring the.
Perigean: Select that. Yes, select
Perigean: broadcast screen.
P16: Okay, I'm hitting the button.
Perigean: Okay.
P16: Oh, start broadcast it, say it has them. Then say, start broadcast.
Perigean: Yes. Hit start.
P16: Brainst.
Perigean: I see it alright! Great! I am seeing your screen perfect.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: Right? Excellent. Okay. So the next thing we're gonna do is get that app ready?
Perigean: He couldn't.
P16: Do I have to plug to say anything, cause it's still just showing.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: It's okay where you are. Now, now I'm gonna I'm gonna send you the link, and you'll
Perigean: we'll see what we do next copy link address.
Perigean: So what I'm doing now is in
Perigean: zoom. I am sending you a link in the chat.
Perigean: and you are. Gonna see
Perigean: that?
Perigean: Come up in your zoom someplace. Let's see, did it go? Got it alright? So if you tap
Perigean: somewhere, do you see how there's kind of a blurred area outside of the stop broadcast, part.
P16: Okay, that's what I was asking earlier when I.
Perigean: Can't fit.
P16: Start, start broadcast.
P16: and then this screen came up. Say, everything on your screen, including notifications, will.
Perigean: Hmm.
P16: Be recorded enable do not disturb to prevent unexpected notifications.
P16: and then they hit the green. I mean the red button that's flashing on and off.
Perigean: Yeah. All of that looks right?
P16: Okay, so where do I
P16: see the message yet? Will a message show?
P16: Because
Perigean: I'm good. Yeah.
Perigean: right? So the rest of the screen we have to tap somewhere in the rest of the screen.
Perigean: Not on any of that stuff.
Perigean: Yeah, there we go.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: Okay. So now, back up in that, there's a red button in the top right corner. This is leave.
Perigean: To to the left of that is the more menu, and now it has.
P16: Right.
Perigean: A red.
Perigean: an arrow, or or like a red one on that
Perigean: tap, on that more menu.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: And now there, see it, says Chat.
P16: Hun.
Perigean: At.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: Okay. Now we have to chat somewhere, not in this big giant overlay. I wish they wouldn't do that. Just
Perigean: you can tap anywhere inside this.
P16: Don't want to have the wrong place
P16: that's and.
Perigean: Okay. There's going to be a like a little margin where you can tap to make that over like, go away. So go to more. One more time
Perigean: chat and we'll go to chat. Yes.
Perigean: I'm gonna try to be really specific about where a good place to tap is.
P16: Oh! And this.
Perigean: Okay, you did it. Perfect.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: That's what we want.
P16: How's the accident?
Perigean: That you did it. That's well. It was a happy accident.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: Great. So we have this link here, this blue link. This is the link you need to tap so that we can get the special version of the app on your ipad.
P16: Okay, so do I hit the blue or down with.
Perigean: Yes. Yeah.
P16: Here to check.
Perigean: Hip the it's https blah blah blah that that.
P16: Katie.
Perigean: Link in the chat.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: That's gonna take us to your browser so we can say.
Perigean: except hit, there's a button under the big Va green va, tap, yeah, tap, except.
P16: In stone.
Perigean: Yes.
Perigean: Install.
Perigean: Okay.
P16: Thank you, mate.
Perigean: Yes, you can tap
Perigean: open.
Perigean: Okay? Tap.
Perigean: Yes, this is all this. This is the the developer buzz business. There's a blue button. It says, next, you want to tap next
Perigean: and then tap the other blue button. Start testing.
Perigean: Great. Okay. Now, the next thing I'm gonna have you do.
Perigean: Do you see how I'm here? This video screen.
P16: See you.
Perigean: What you can do is you can take your finger and you can drag me over so that the drawer closes. Drag me over to the other side or one of the sides, you can just.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: And then keep.
Perigean: Yes, now I'm in the drawer.
Perigean: Good! That's where I like to be, so I can see your whole screen.
P16: Okay. Thank you.
Perigean: Perfect. Okay.
Perigean: alright. So this we have the app installed. This is the right version of it.
Perigean: The next thing that we're gonna do
Perigean: is, I'm gonna have you sign in. And before I have you do that, I'm going to pause the recording so that.
P16: Yeah.
Perigean: For privacy.
P16: Question if my wife.
Perigean: Yes.
P16: He goes into a tutor.
P16: Check my stuff, too. Can I bring her in to see what I'm doing?
Perigean: Sure!
P16: Okay, just give me one second. Let's see if she's available.
Perigean: Okay.
P16: Leila, are you busy?
P16: Could you come here? This may be interesting to you.
P16: this here. What they're doing is they
P16: a new version that's coming out on the
P16: healthcare thing to go into
P16: my healthy bit off, too.
P16: Okay, she's hearing. She she's listening.
P16: Hello! How are you.
Perigean: I'm fine. How are you today.
P16: I'm wonderful. Hi!
Perigean: Hi! I'm hiding in a drawer over here so I can see our.
P16: Okay, full screen.
Perigean: I was like, just put me in the drawer.
Perigean: Okay? So the next thing we're gonna do, I'm set is we're gonna I'm gonna have you log in. So I'm gonna
Perigean: resuming the recording. Alright. So now, what we're gonna do is we're gonna we're gonna use.
Perigean: We're all set up and we're gonna have a. We're gonna have some warm up questions before we we use this app.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: All right. So Arm said. Do, were you? You were saying before? Do you have the Va health and benefits? Mobile app.
P16: The v. 8 app
P16: on my ipad that I use.
Perigean: Ipad or iphone? Yeah.
P16: I have it on both of them. My wife has it on.
Perigean: Oh, right.
Perigean: Okay.
Perigean: Do you remember how you heard about it?
P16: I think we were at the Va. Actually, when they 1st started setting up the my healthy bit.
P16: Is that what you're talking about.
Perigean: The mobile app for the, so that.
P16: No, we don't. No, we don't have the mobile app. How do we fly it into my healthy bit? That's not a mobile app.
Perigean: Got it? The website.
P16: Right. We just go in. We just pull up my healthy bit and then sign. In that way we weren't aware of it.
P16: Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I I was.
Perigean: So can hopefully.
P16: That's mobile.
Perigean: You know what.
P16: Yes.
Perigean: Everybody. Veterans use a lot of different tools to access. The benefits and healthcare. And that's part of what we want to know is whether or not you use it, and we're talking to folks who use the mobile app as well as folks who have not used the mobile app before. So everybody.
Perigean: whether or not you use it. Your your perspective is still valuable.
Perigean: Okay, alright. So you were saying that you use my healthy vet, though. Do you?
Perigean: Do you know? Do you recall? Do you also use va.gov, or just my healthy vet.
P16: Just my healthy bit. Basically right? Cause if you go into my healthy bit, it's gonna kind of reroute you cause I think they made some a changes to it.
Perigean: Hmm!
P16: And so it always kind of sends you
P16: reroutes you back. So we usually do the my health event.
P16: but I know that they changed it, and now it's on the va.gov. I believe.
Perigean: Got it. Okay, so what are the reasons that you use? My health event.
P16: Check my appointments, send messages to my secure messages to my different doctors, pharmacy refill medications about benefits
P16: we use it a lot. We use it a lot.
Perigean: Okay.
Perigean: great, thank you.
Perigean: Okay. So for the next part of our conversation. We're gonna use this mobile app that we just installed on your ipad.
Perigean: So right now, what I want you to do is go ahead and do what you would do on the screen.
Perigean: So there's some buttons at the bottom. One of them says, Skip on the left.
P16: 10.
Perigean: Bottom left, and one says next, you can choose either one that you want.
Perigean: But when you get to a screen that has the letters VA. At the top. It's not gonna have a blue background anymore. Stop and wait for the next instruction. Please.
P16: Talk to the veterans. Crisis line. Now, update available update. Now, skip this update.
Perigean: Yup. This is the one to stop and to pause it. Perfect.
P16: Okay. So some.
Perigean: I'm going to have you do one thing before we explore the screen. Could you scroll back up? Could you tap, skip this update, please.
Perigean: It's the black button under update now. Great. Okay.
Perigean: Now, alright, we're ready to go. So.
P16: Cool.
Perigean: What I want you to do is for without tapping on anything to to like to don't touch or tap anything. Well, I would like you to scroll up and down to explore this 1st screen, and as you're doing that, I would love for you to think out loud as you go, like, what are what are you thinking about when you're seeing stuff here?
P16: We're not seeing that 1st one talking about appointments. One. I do have one. On the 13th it says, I got a claim. Yeah, we have an active claim. That's the the one that they have to say. If you know which one it is.
P16: caregivers thing. Oh, okay. And then prescriptions.
P16: I just actually went online and sent in a request for some refills. So I think this is great, this, this
P16: this is good.
P16: This is this is a 1. Stop shop.
Perigean: a 1 stop shop. Okay?
P16: That's what I see, you know, instead of going to all these different things, because if I needed to find out, someone has to go to 2 or 3 different screens to get there, and this is doing it all in one stop, and I don't.
P16: Worried about closing up and then going to another area, unless it only showed those 3 things that are active.
P16: Those are active things there right?
P16: We don't have everything. Don't have appointments.
P16: This is what's open. This is what's going on right.
P16: If you had a message, then it probably would have a message, but you don't have a pending message. Correct
P16: issuing your rating, which is awesome. That's correct. It's showing your monthly amount. That's correct.
P16: I didn't know all that was on. Well, this is new. This is a I think, she said. This is the new mobile app. This is cool.
Perigean: This is a new special version that we're we're chatting with veterans about to get feedback on.
P16: I like it. I like it. And so with somebody says, Well, what's your rating? And are you 100? Then he could pull that mobile app. Instead of going through all these 550
P16: clicks, he could pull that one mobile app and then show. Yes, see right here, I'm 100% disabled.
P16: This helps me. This is good for me because he's legally blind, and I usually do most of this stuff.
P16: So it speeds up the process for me when I'm trying to find out something for him
P16: when I'm like.
Perigean: Leela.
Perigean: Oh, yeah, go ahead. Arm said, sorry.
P16: Now do things.
Perigean: Do you use it?
P16: I got to use my magnifiers to try to read stuff.
Perigean: Hmm!
P16: This is cool.
Perigean: Got it.
Perigean: And, Leila, do you do you typically help them?
Perigean: like, look at. Look at digital things.
P16: Right, yeah.
Perigean: Okay.
P16: He's. I'm just.
Perigean: Curious if this is like.
P16: If this is your.
Perigean: Usual way.
P16: He!
Perigean: You know it helps me. Understand?
P16: Right. He has some he has low vision, but he has.
Perigean: Right.
P16: Products from the blind the, you know, visually impaired to to help him with certain things. Right magnifiers, zoom machine to help him. But with this ipad
P16: he could pull it up close to him, and he's he's able to see it a lot better. Everything on that ipad. The phone.
Perigean: Got it.
P16: Through it, but he would have to blow it up so big. So the ipad is, is like is almost like his phone.
Perigean: Yeah.
P16: Reading where you could read my screen right now. You see where it says, 6, 7, 3, 5, 4.
P16: That's almost how big I got to make it.
P16: I could see a lit. I think they say this a disability rating, you know.
Perigean: Wouldn't mind.
P16: But anyway, let me let you.
Perigean: Got it. Alright. Okay. So we're gonna scroll back up to the top, and we've made it through. The scrolled through the whole thing. And I wanted to ask
Perigean: what stood out to you 1st on this screen.
P16: Again.
Perigean: You can answer if you like.
P16: I'm sorry. Say it one more time.
Perigean: Good. Answer. Yeah.
P16: Like to you most
P16: that red writing. Yeah. The red writing automatically stood out to me. Because that's telling me. Hey, stop! What's something's going on. Let me take a look at that which is good saying, Hey, if you got an issue or crisis
P16: that talk to the crisis veteran line, now that stands out. That's the very 1st thing you see.
P16: So if you're if you're a veteran in crisis, it's in red, which is amazing, because they know to go straight to that red for help.
P16: Yeah, to see activities. And it showed you
P16: activities that are in progress are available. Now, Justin.
Perigean: Yes.
P16: 1st thing is the red, the red, the red.
Perigean: I did. Okay, got it.
P16: That's good.
Perigean: I did want to ask you about that activity section. I wanted to ask you, what you what do you think you can do
Perigean: with that. With the things in that area.
P16: Well, I could see appointments, and I guess it did. Just tell me that appointment. Can we click on that arrow just to see.
Perigean: Not yet.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: I wanna, ask you how you think it works 1st before we talk.
P16: And okay.
Perigean: But we will be in the queue soon.
P16: I think, appointments. When you hit that it will show you all the appointments that you got coming up right.
P16: I wasn't allowed to show you once you've already completed. No, I know it's just just for right now, and.
P16: Klang's.
P16: I didn't know. I I can't remember. I had brain lost 2 because I had 2 brain surgeries. I'm not making excuses, not knowing, and then prescriptions. My wife knows what I take. I don't.
Perigean: Got it.
P16: I think I think it's it's I think it's good. I think, that you know those
P16: those 3 main things are
P16: the 3 main things you probably want to know about, hey? I got appointments coming up. I've got a pending claim, and I've got some prescriptions that need to be filled. So I think those.
Perigean: Read.
P16: Major things.
P16: Those are the 3 main things that need to be in the activity. I agree.
Perigean: Got it. Okay.
P16: At the bottom.
P16: I'm just looking through. Yeah, that's just the I'm just looking. We haven't gotten any further.
P16: Let's just tell, yeah, that's just your home screen.
P16: your health, your benefits, and your payments.
P16: trying to see what they were.
P16: But yeah, that blue screen it. And it's it's kind of big. Helps me a little bit too
P16: easier to get to.
Perigean: Easier to get to. Okay.
P16: Easier to get to right.
Perigean: Easier to get to those things. Okay, so I wanted to ask, based on. So we've looked up and down the screen a bit. Now,
P16: It.
Perigean: Based on what is present here on this screen.
Perigean: in a few words or sentences. I want you to describe what it is that you think that this app does for veterans.
P16: When you say this, Ampatoma, like the appointments.
Perigean: This whole app, this whole thing. We right? We've just seen the 1st screen of this app. And I would like to know, based on just on what you've seen, like appointments, claims, all prescriptions, the stuff that we saw below that with you guys.
P16: I believe what my wife said
P16: on on that on the blue section. Here activities, active activities.
P16: Those are the 3 main things. I think all veterans who may want to go on on their
P16: on this app.
P16: and to help them to get to it quicker by having to
P16: login.
P16: look down to the area. You want to go liberty work appointment and have to if you got big fingers like me not to hit something below it. And then you got to scroll all the way down to the point, scroll over and
P16: try to see it. Where is I believe? Here, if I hit appointments. I let Harold.
P16: It'll show you all the appointments.
P16: and I guess I guess you'll be able to set up appointment with Sarah, so.
Perigean: Hmm,
P16: I think it modifies it makes it much simpler for the veteran.
Perigean: Hmm.
P16: Especially with my husband being a visually impaired veteran. It's much simpler, it's it's simplified. It's easy, and it's quick to get to, and they don't have to, you know, jumble around with a bunch of stuff trying to figure it out. So this app
P16: is, gonna be awesome, especially for the blind veterans, you know, and many others that may have other different types of cognitive issues, or whatever.
P16: I think this would be awesome because this simplify, it gets it right to what they need to get to without having to go through a bunch of other
P16: applications to get to these 3 main things. 3 main things absolutely.
Perigean: Got it. Okay.
Perigean: thank you for that.
Perigean: So now, next, I'm gonna ask you to imagine a series of situations. And I want you to use this app to work through those situations.
Perigean: and when we're doing that, I want you to try to remember, to think aloud as you go, so that I can better understand what steps you're taking and why.
Perigean: And if you find anything frustrating or confusing while we're doing that.
Perigean: please please go ahead and let me know. Share that feedback. Okay?
P16: You want me to like. Oh, okay.
Perigean: Yeah. Are you ready?
P16: Yes.
Perigean: Alright. Okay, so so I'm gonna tell you. The 1st thing I want you to imagine. And then what you're gonna do is.
Perigean: use the app to do that and think out loud as you go. So here is the 1st situation to imagine.
Perigean: Imagine that you are out shopping in a store.
Perigean: and you find out the store offers a discount to veterans
Perigean: without doing anything yet.
Perigean: How do you think you might use this app
Perigean: to show the store clerk.
Perigean: You were a veteran.
P16: Under claims. Oh, right there. Oh, disability rating 100. Okay? Yeah. Oh, my goodness, you're good.
P16: It's a United States proof of veteran status.
P16: and you could hit that. I reckon
P16: it doesn't live marine cool thing on the front. Alright, that is, can I hit that arrow or not?
Perigean: Yeah.
P16: So.
Perigean: Yup, we I think we have. I think we go ahead and do it for yeah. First, st what the way that this is gonna work is, I'm gonna tell you the thing to imagine. And you're gonna tell me what you think you would do.
Perigean: And then, once we write that down.
Perigean: Now go ahead and do it. So I think we've got it written down. Please go ahead and do what you think you would do to show the store clerk, that you are a veteran.
P16: Well, 1st of all, going to what she just said logging into this app is showed that I'm 100% disabled. They gotta see my name and everything when I log in and everything. And then right here about me. That's what say about you is safe United States marine core proof of veteran status.
Perigean: It.
P16: If I hit that, let's see, it shows my name.
P16: It shows. Oh, it's Leila!
P16: Look where it shows.
P16: Look a bit.
P16: It's held my whole time in the Rain court and everything.
P16: It's sure going up.
P16: Wow! Your date of birth. Keep going.
P16: David Burke, December 3.rd Status to
P16: prove your Service and United States uniform service. I think it's possible, because usually we would have to like, they'll say, Well, we don't have any proof, so we have to run home, get this 100 disabled, make a copy.
P16: One back is showing that whereas this app is right there.
P16: you don't have to go worry about packing that piece of paper which is gonna fade in his wallet over the year.
P16: Me
P16: cause. That's usually what happens when we go to get this little fishing license thing. We're digging in the wallet. The little letters all faded out. And so this is perfect, because you could just pull up the app, and there it is, right there.
P16: and there's the proof. He could pull out his his id showing that that is his birthday, and that's who he is, and and the thing they should know. Also.
P16: This here is a
P16: a government app. This ain't no app.
Perigean: That it is mate.
P16: Right.
P16: That's your proof right? There, that is awesome. That is that I like that. There's your name. Yeah, I got my whole name spellbike.
P16: This is helping me.
P16: Wow!
P16: Was awesome.
Perigean: For that.
P16: Okay, so should be able.
Perigean: I got my
Perigean: yeah, you can close this, and we're going to go back to the home screen. And I have a question about claims. If you scroll up so the next tab.
P16: Right.
Perigean: Is dealing with claims. So do you have an open claim or appeal right now.
P16: Right. We have a pending claim, or what you well, I guess it's considered an appeal dealing with the
P16: caregivers
P16: stipend for me.
Perigean: Okay.
P16: That's what's been pending, and it's been sitting out there for a couple of years now. So.
Perigean: Couple of years.
P16: Playing. Right? Okay.
Perigean: Okay. How often would you say that you check on the status of that.
P16: I check. I go in and check the status of that at least, maybe every couple of 3 months.
P16: And I have to go through a long process, and then it has to ask me, you know, are you really who you are? This gotta send me a message and send. Yes, that's who you are, and then I've gotta wait for it to pull up. So I I go through several different
P16: processes that get to it.
P16: And so if this is what you think it is well, I think it is. This is much easier, and they could tell me what's going on so. Oh, my God!
Perigean: And got it.
Perigean: Lila, how do you feel about the frequency that and time that you're spending checking on the status of that appeal.
P16: Well, I guess, because of the kind th this particular one they had some of the appeals they sent up to.
P16: Some judge. So it's in some
P16: sitting on a docket waiting for the judge to look at it.
P16: and they've sent us a couple of responses saying, hey? We know that, you know this claim is still open. We do have it now. It's only.
Perigean: But his.
P16: That's it's on the judge's day. We'll get to it when we get to it. Well, like, I said.
Perigean: Got it.
P16: You know, 2 years going on.
Perigean: Few years.
P16: So. You know, if it was, probably would have been a, you know, a normal claim.
Perigean: Hmm.
P16: He's never had any issues in the past with with any claims or whatever. But I guess because this one's in appeals out, you know they will talk about going by time and service, too. Right?
P16: That part doesn't know. Yeah. But I I just think you know
P16: I'm I'm open.
P16: I guess I'm I'm
P16: I'm okay. We're not okay with it, you know.
Perigean: The 5.th
P16: So much going on
P16: with these claims, and this the stipend with the caregivers is is something new.
P16: And then you got the cap of June water thing going. You got a lot of stuff going on, you know, so but it has been quite a while on this particular claim. So
P16: just didn't hurry. I'm late. So it's been up before.
P16: I I don't have choice. The government, you know. We we can't. We can't push them. They're gonna get to it when they get to it. So
P16: you know.
Perigean: I hear you. I understand. Okay, so the next task that we're going to do has to do with that claims. So I want you to imagine today that you want to check the status of that open appeal.
Perigean: It was an appeal without doing anything. Yet
Perigean: how do you expect to check the status of that open appeal.
P16: Very easily. Just go into that, or just go into that app
P16: and go in, open the app, go down to the claims, push one button and not there. I am
P16: 2, 2 moves, 2 moves. Vice is probably 20 moves on the previous
P16: way that I was doing.
Perigean: Okay, alright, so you can.
Perigean: Oh, Armstride, did you want to add something.
P16: No, I'm just gonna say, I'm thinking, just gonna tell her more. It's easier for her to get to find out a status on her claim. Now.
P16: maybe I'd give her an update more of an update, quick, or whatever I don't know.
P16: Well, at least I can see what's going on with it. Yeah, we could see that it is still there, active.
Perigean: Got it right. So you expect to tap that and see what's going on at the with.
P16: Yeah. Up. Here.
Perigean: Alright. So I want you to go ahead and use the app to check what's going on with that appeal.
P16: See appeal updated
P16: 22. As you're saying, we're in 2 years of it. So that's
P16: it's active. So
P16: it's just sitting there. Yeah, active plane is
P16: and appeal. There's another blue load in your appeal. Yeah. Oh, it takes you to some other stuff. Okay.
P16: yeah, this is cool appeal details
P16: up to date. And so June oh, is of June. Yes, up to date, as of today. Yeah, it's up to date. So that's that's awesome. It takes you. That's just status takes you right to it. You don't have to like
P16: bumfuzzle all around. Can I hit that one.
Perigean: Data.
P16: Can I hit that issue?
Perigean: Sure.
Perigean: Go ahead!
P16: It just says, Vha issue currently on appeal.
P16: Okay, yeah, I I love it. That's that's awesome. That was a quick
P16: stanzas.
P16: See it says awaiting appeal is waiting to be seen
P16: sent to a judge. So it's sitting somewhere on somebody's desk, and
P16: you know when they get to it they'll get to it, you know, it's been 2 years. So
P16: hmm.
P16: yeah, I just sit and wait. So
P16: never mind, that's awesome. That's the quickest
P16: I've ever been able to get to that
P16: cause, like I say, usually what it'll do is have me to
P16: I'll sign into my health event, and then it'll send me.
P16: Other direction that I'm they just gotta say, Are you really who you are? This guy? Send me a.
Perigean: Hmm.
P16: A message saying, Hey, yeah, this is you put the code in. Then it's rerouting. Then I got to go 2 other steps to get to it. And this is like, I say, 2 hits, and I'm there
P16: right here.
Perigean: What are you? Pointing at? Armstride.
P16: I was pointing at the go to with it, to review.
P16: to review, to review more details about the appeal. But I don't think there's any
P16: anything else. It's it's sitting on a it's sitting on a judges. My, my mom is. I have an elderly little old lady that I take care. She's 84, and she has a buzzer when she wants some, so she's digging her, so I'll have to stow.
Perigean: Okay.
P16: She's a caretaker of a mother, too.
Perigean: Got it, she'll be.
P16: She's a caretaker for the vehicle. Who's not.
P16: But anyway.
Perigean: All right.
P16: So.
Perigean: So the next. The next thing that I would like for you to do is to go back to the home screen.
P16: The home frame.
Perigean: Yeah, that 1st screen we were on.
P16: Right, yeah.
Perigean: That's the one Yup, and please scroll up to where you can see the box that says claims
Perigean: alright. So that Box
Perigean: says claims and.
P16: Did.
Perigean: That it says one active
Perigean: what do you? Yeah, what do you think of having that particular piece of information here on the screen.
Perigean: Just the one active. Those words.
P16: Just you mean the one active saying that to tell you if I hit anything active in that.
P16: of course I'd look like it just showed
P16: her claims and the status of it that is being which set on, not set on. But that's in front of you. If I had several activities in the claims.
P16: I guess they would tell me. Each one of them, when you roll over, say, claim one, claim 2, or claim 3, or whatever.
Perigean: And.
P16: Go through each claim that you have active.
Perigean: Got it. Do you think that it
Perigean: go ahead? I'm sorry.
P16: I was. Gonna say, I guess if this, if there's a
P16: granted or denial that it won't be there no more
P16: in the act.
Perigean: It won't be there anymore in the active area. Okay.
P16: Right.
Perigean: Okay, so if it's granted or denied it, the the claims box. This is for my note taker. The box won't be there anymore. When you were saying
Perigean: you were describing just a second ago. Being able to see
Perigean: different. We like if there was more than one claim, or if there were different statuses, could you.
P16: Could you.
Perigean: Repeat that part and tell me if you were talking about this, would you see that on this home screen or on the screen we go to when you tap claims.
P16: Okay on the claims portion. If it had.
P16: Say, like they had for Christmas. I say, if I had 5 claims in, it'll be 5 active, 5 active.
P16: And then if I hit the Arrow to go to the claim department, it'll show me the status or show me something on each one's claims like it was showing on that one claim that we have in. It'll show you that.
Perigean: Okay.
P16: Same amount of information for each one of those claims. I think it to show you all of them.
Perigean: Okay, thank you.
Perigean: Follow up question.
Perigean: Is there anything that you think would be helpful to include here on the home screen under claims, in addition to the words one active, or, instead of the word, one active
Perigean: on on the home screen, specifically.
P16: On this page here
Perigean: Yeah. Yes.
P16: Claims under claims. What else do I.
P16: If they hit.
P16: what pending would be the same as active
P16: Pending would be the same.
P16: Would pending mean that they looked at it, and if they're trying to judge or make a mess
P16: pending.
P16: maybe I'm thinking, pending, I'll tell you that they've that they're working on it, I mean, but actually.
P16: Same same thing, if active means is sitting there
P16: pending means they're
P16: looking at it. If
P16: you you follow what I'm trying to say.
Perigean: I think so. Are you? Are you trying to say that it would have more than just one active? It would tell you.
P16: I mean, you know.
Perigean: More than that, like pending instead of just active.
P16: Right cause. One could be actively as long as this had, or or say, if I had another one in. But it was in front of the board, and they were looking at it.
P16: Thank you.
Perigean: Oh!
P16: Takes a long time, and that is pending man pending.
Perigean: Right? Oh.
Perigean: okay, so I it sounds like you're describing. That it would tell me if this is right or wrong.
Perigean: a more.
Perigean: a more specific.
Perigean: And what's.
P16: Yeah, what is?
Perigean: Doing.
P16: More of the status, the status, like.
Perigean: Okay.
P16: It's in the board they're looking at it at this moment like, and here would came to mind just to share it with when I was in the military, and they you had something
P16: in
P16: in in
P16: in front of a board. But you it takes the board weeks to decide whether or not
P16: it's good to accept it. Not good to accept it, or whatever
P16: it it's although it's active.
P16: it has. I don't know you getting me lost now.
Perigean: i i i think I understand. What you're saying is that there's something more descriptive than active than the word active.
P16: Right.
Perigean: That could be here cause there's a lot of kinds of active. Is that right?
P16: Right right. There's.
Perigean: Okay. I know.
P16: And not going nowhere.
Perigean: Right right? It would be more specific about what exactly is going on with this active claim.
Perigean: this
Perigean: right? It's active. But what's it doing.
P16: Yeah, what's it doing?
Perigean: Is it doing right now? Okay, thank you. I under, yeah, I absolutely understand what you mean.
Perigean: Okay, so now we have our next tab
Perigean: The next one I want you to imagine
Perigean: is that you have a doctor's appointment, and it's coming up soon.
Perigean: Imagine now, that you would like to double check the time of your appointment.
Perigean: With without doing anything. Yet how do you expect that you would check on the time of your appointment?
P16: I go on appointments, and it should tell me what appointment I have. It should take the date and the time, and where your appointment is under appointments.
P16: So I will go to appointments. Find, see which one is coming up next. Okay, cause they had weeks where I had 2 or 3 appointments in a week or 2 in one day.
P16: I wonder what to say. You got 2 appointments, then, if it's on the same day. Well.
P16: will this show 2 appointments on the same day.
Perigean: Do you think it will?
P16: It should cause the old one does. So I'm gonna imagine if
P16: it it break it down by
P16: that's
P16: closest one to to activation. If you to the appointment time, should I say? And if I need to find out the exact date and time and and with whom and where
P16: it's location is that's the big thing where it's located, that and they need to define more of a location like, put a room number or something.
P16: Lot of time people, just
P16: you. You have to try to search for somebody's room until you get to me with with the hospital.
Perigean: Got it.
Perigean: Okay.
P16: Elevators, 5th floor, blue elevators.
P16: 6th floor. Whatever
P16: more, more more of a description of of where
P16: I think that'd be. Be helpful.
Perigean: Okay.
Perigean: okay, so okay, so you think that, do you think that you would tap on this appointments? Blue.
P16: Yes, yes.
Perigean: Wanted to ask you a related question.
Perigean: Do you think that there are any other ways to check on the appointment? Like? Let's say
Perigean: that the you could. Yeah.
P16: Called in.
Perigean: There's any way to. Yeah you could call in. How about do you think there's any other way in this app to do that?
P16: In this app.
Perigean: Hmm.
P16: In this app, under appointments, claims, and prescriptions are.
Perigean: like, let's suppose I know you said earlier about another one. Like, if I think either you or leila said, if it wasn't active. It wouldn't be there.
P16: Right.
Perigean: Right.
P16: Wouldn't be.
Perigean: Yeah. What if? What if it wasn't? What if that appointment thing wasn't there?
Perigean: How do you think you might
Perigean: check on
Perigean: if you have an appointment or not.
P16: What if if you don't have one? This shouldn't be under the appointment. But I'm trying to think what appointment you would have
P16: that wouldn't be
P16: could be, each product pretty good on identifying
P16: when your appointments are. But if I have.
P16: and it's not there.
P16: or I'm thinking that I have an appointment, but it's not there. I could always call up to the Va. And try to get that department where I think my appointment should be.
P16: I think that would be one way I could do it. This call up.
Perigean: Yeah.
P16: And confirm that. Yes, I have an appointment or no. The appointment is the next week
P16: got it.
Perigean: Okay, well, I want you to go ahead. Go ahead and use the app to do what you would do to check what time.
Perigean: That upcoming appointment is that.
P16: Bang!
Perigean: Oh, no! We got signed out.
P16: Go ahead! Sign back in.
Perigean: Has that ever happened? Well, you haven't used the app before right before today.
P16: That's this one.
Perigean: Okay, that's okay. We're gonna go ahead and sign back into it. And I'm gonna pause the recording while you're doing that. Okay.
Perigean: alright, okay, so we're back on this 1st screen. So I just wanna ask some gen, some.
Perigean: Here's our wrap up questions. What were your overall thoughts on this app, this va mobile app that we use today on your ipad.
P16: Think about it.
P16: I think it's gonna make being that they think we've gone through appointments. I could see the appointments, although I agree that it should be showing more than the next 7 days. I think it'd be helpful. I I think something
P16: in it that
P16: makes sense to confirm your appointment at that particular time, cause that when you confirm it, that makes you think about even more to not schedule something on that day, cause you're already.
Perigean: Remove.
P16: Scheduled yourself for the appointment, which I think is good. Also.
P16: hopefully, they're still sending letters out like they do under claims. I think that's outstanding per place for a claim, especially if a person is waiting
P16: on a claim that's gonna be beneficial financially, to them. I think that's great prescriptions.
P16: A must
P16: a
P16: cause I've hit. I've hit
P16: times whereby
P16: I need. I needed to refill
P16: now before my wife started doing it all the time.
P16: Oh, I was gone somewhere in
P16: they had to look up
P16: a prescription like when I went to I went to
P16: Let's ship it to Biloxi
P16: in.
P16: One of the pills I take is a control peel to whatever they call it, but most Va don't don't have it.
P16: And
P16: I had ran out while I was there, and there's something that I need to take.
P16: If I don't I'll be in apparel.
P16: Hmm!
P16: They were able to
P16: find it
P16: at a cause. Their hospital didn't have it. There, that's a medical center. They had to go all the way to
P16: Pensacola.
P16: To have it and have it ship so I can get what I need it. And and being that it was part of my prescription. They could see it automatically on here. He needs this chair, or whatever it makes it easier for getting your prescriptions to me. It does. You don't have to go through so many different
P16: channels in order to find the prescription. Check it, put it in, and everything else. This here it looks like a 1. Stop
P16: place that you could do that now. Why, my mind is stinking on it.
P16: Appointment I didn't see in there. If you needed to
P16: make an appointment. I I can't remember if it was in there where I can make an appointment
P16: to see the doctor or send a message.
Perigean: Hmm, would you expect
Perigean: to be able to do that?
P16: Yes, if if you need to make an appointment cause, there are time that you need to make appointments
P16: with the Va. That they haven't made an appointment like. I hate to make an appointment for for for dental cause. I.
P16: Seeing the dentist out in in the community, and that dentist office.
Perigean: Who's.
P16: Was no longer available, so
P16: I had to make them through. The Va.
P16: Got it. I had to make it through the Va. Because the Va.
P16: Had appointed me out
P16: to the civilian
P16: people, and when they went.
P16: Whatever
P16: I have to call, or I have sometime you could just do it online under.
P16: The old version, we can make an appointment. I I don't know that was under your appointment section or not.
Perigean: Got it
P16: Point in it.
Perigean: Right but you, but you would like to be able to.
P16: Yes, I would.
Perigean: Okay. That I'll put that in the notes. It's not possible to make appointments in the Va. App yet.
Perigean: but I think it's something that they that we plan to do in the future.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: A follow up question I have is you? You listed some things that you liked. Was there anything that you disliked about the app that we use today.
P16: No, I think everything was great. i i i was really surprised when I 1st opened this app and like I said, the the red gonna hit you right at the top, you know, if you're going through prices to
P16: call now to that that stuck out, and then these are making it easier to go in, cause the other one. I I'm quite sure you you know you got to log in.
P16: Press this button after you log in, and the writing is so small I got big hands in that barrel I could see in order for me to use. I have to use a magnifier and everything else. Here is a little bigger. Where I could almost I could see the the blue way, the blue, and there's 1.
Perigean: The 3.
P16: Blue. I could see it because each one of you have a space in between that makes it easier for me to to go into it, and then when I roll down here and I see
P16: and oh, I love the brink or things in front of the 2, I'm quite sure every person will have their own, and it tells about me, and and by hitting
P16: it it tell I I'm signed out again.
Perigean: That's okay. That's okay. I know 2 times that happened. I'm making note of that. I don't know why.
P16: I won't sign back in. It's not good.
Perigean: Okay, we're all we're we're at the very end of our conversation. But I'd love if you keep talking about
Perigean: things that you liked, if you can remember what the screen had on it.
P16: oh, yeah, about being able to go in. And Dennis showed you.
P16: how long, you were in and everything else and your address, and all that was was good where I could see it, you know.
Perigean: Hmm.
P16: Easily see it, and
P16: I I think this would be a better ask than the other one. That's my opeb.
Perigean: The other one got it. So so this is a question sort of related to that.
Perigean: Do you think that that you know that 1st screen of the of the app that has the blue boxes on it.
P16: And here.
Perigean: Out, you.
Perigean: Your your branch of service, and your disability rating, and all that. Do you think that that 1st screen would be helpful to you in your life or not.
P16: Yes, indeed, I think it will be the first.st It's gonna be easier for me. It's to show people
P16: who needs to know
P16: my rating
P16: to show me easier my appointments to allow me to get a status on a claim that I may. I mean it. It's
P16: it's an easier app to work with, I believe.
P16: and then at the bottom, where you hey? We never did get into those.
P16: all those at the bottom except benefits. I didn't know all what what was included under health
P16: with the plus sign, or or I can only assume
P16: on those last 2 the pavements and help. But I'm quite sure if they gonna be just as beneficial as the rest. What I've seen
P16: and I've seen I've seen a little bit, and I'm I'm highly impressed with it.
Perigean: Well, thank you.
Perigean: So related to the the how you think that this app might help you in your life. I was hoping you could. Could you walk us through a situation in your life right now, where you can imagine using
Perigean: that that 1st screen of this app.
P16: To help.
Perigean: You with it, and explain how that 1st screen would help you do the thing.
P16: Well, to begin with.
P16: Nope.
P16: if I'm in a situation on the road, or whatever.
P16: if I need to check more appointments, if I need anything really
P16: on the 1st pages doesn't leave room for error most of the time. How can I use it? I could use it if I if I need to prove that I was in the military for a a.
P16: for a
P16: but they have a a
P16: let me make it limited.
P16: I type in for the Blind Reverend
P16: that we're body could get a corn. Government paid X number of dollars, but you had to be just that, and that in a shoulder.
P16: Immediately on that one page. I didn't have to try to go in and find it, to begin with, in the old one. I don't know where it is, and the old. My wife have to do all that today. I'm not gonna deal with all this small writing, and I like how to share. It's it's more.
P16: It's easier for me to see. Even although I have still use the the little magnifier, I could still have a better focus on it.
P16: But on that page
P16: pack that helped me invite the self.
P16: Terrible
P16: it it it has. It talks to me, tells me everything. I mean.
P16: I'm I'm
P16: you want a particular situation, though. Right.
Perigean: Yeah, you started talking about being on the road and checking on an appointment like if you you could.
P16: And it, yeah.
Perigean: Chat story as your example. If you wanted to, or you could, just another one would work too.
P16: Well, I was like the one I said about when I was in in Mississippi, and I needed.
Perigean: Hmm.
P16: A particular medication, and.
Perigean: Oh yes!
P16: Go around and try to find that one. And I've run out here, too, where the Va had to send me to a a
P16: local pharmacy
P16: to give them. They told me they checked out.
P16: IAA wall wall green, not wall green
P16: One of those
P16: places. They have medication to see if they had the medication where I could go and pick it up from them, and they did. They gave me a 10 day supply, while the V. 8 here tried to get some
P16: that's and this is a medicine that if I don't have it. I will be in dire strait.
Perigean: Right, right.
P16: And and that.
Perigean: Go ahead!
P16: That I think by that app being there, help
P16: in that situation. If I needed to, to to buy a car, or whatever under benefits it to be all leather, to show
P16: the information that they require.
P16: Now the only thing it doesn't have on there.
P16: and I guess you have to go through
P16: Main headquarters. Could this.
P16: like for the different stip phones, or whatever you have to go through the administrative port of them.
P16: Va healthcare
P16: like here at the Micley debate. It has the hospital. Then it has their another building where we go for
P16: putting in for your different
P16: benefits.
P16: They don't have names of numbers where you could do that.
Perigean: I see.
P16: Hmm.
Perigean: Excuse me.
P16: You excuse me, I'm alright.
Perigean: Sorry cough. With the you were talking about with the. I wanted to ask you one more question about the the this example you're giving about trying to
Perigean: a medication not being some place, could you? Needing to
Perigean: to talk to another nearby place? How would you use the home screen in that situation.
P16: I would if I'm at another.
P16: Say, if I'm in this hip it like it happened.
Perigean: Yeah.
P16: The blind veterans the Brc. Is what they call it, and
P16: and I need it
P16: dehuman.
P16: I had to ask my wife's name of the medicine. I need it, but they had to try to find some.
P16: and huh!
P16: They found some like, I say, in Penola, and they.
Perigean: Right, sure.
P16: And overnight for me.
P16: and.
P16: By looking at this here. If they can look at here they could easily see it. I don't know how they could look it up, but they they know.
P16: Medication I take, but that's not. That's.
P16: You want you want to?
P16: Oh, sure!
Perigean: That it works. It sounds like, are you saying that you you could. You could use that home screen to to see.
P16: The name.
Perigean: The medications to get to them.
P16: Well, that's 1 thing to to terrible, and and I
P16: I depend on my wife a lot. So my medications cause I don't know the name.
Perigean: George.
Perigean: And that's okay.
P16: And if I wanna
P16: find that with you, I have to look them up on the old thing under under
P16: medications, or whatever, and to tell you what that particular medication is for.
P16: and that's the only reason why I could.
P16: if I need to find out the name of that medication to take.
P16: I don't. I didn't look in your
P16: prescriptions to see the medication. It may have a list of all the medications I take.
Perigean: And yeah.
P16: From there you go, and
P16: reorderly. If they don't have it, they could find out who may have it, just like.
Perigean: Got it? Nope.
P16: Is. This is the medication. We don't keep
P16: right here. What are you doing.
Perigean: Okay. So the you're saying that you'd expect
Perigean: to be able to get to that list of medications that you take and be able to reorder them.
Perigean: Yeah.
P16: Yeah, I could do.
Perigean: Yeah, great. Okay, we're gonna make sure to write that down. And I wanted to tell you that is possible in this app. it. You can see all of your at all of your medications, and.
Perigean: And you can reorder them too. So.
P16: Yeah.
Perigean: We've reached the end of all of my questions for you said Thank you. Thank you so much for for sharing your thoughts and.
P16: We still got 20min.
Perigean: I know. Well, we ended early because we got through that setup very quickly. So that's great.
Perigean: I wanted to tell you, too. So before I'm gonna help you get this this this version of the app off of your ipad and test flight off of your ipad, but I can, if you like.
Perigean: I can help you put the app store version of this app on your ipad because I wanted you to know it's not exactly the same as this.
Perigean: and this one with it doesn't have the blue boxes, but it does have it allows you to see your active claim, it will let you see your prescriptions and refill them. It will.
Perigean: It has your upcoming appointments. It allows you to message your your doctor.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: It has letters. It has all those things in it. So if you'd like I can help you get it downloaded.
P16: Yeah, that's.
Perigean: Your ipad.
P16: Okay, that'd be good.
Perigean: Okay. Great.
P16: One. What else got sick man I hate today.
P16: I rang off so quickly at times. Oh.
P16: I don't know.
P16: anyway. Would you go ahead.
Perigean: Okay.
Perigean: Alright. Well, the 1st thing we're gonna do, we're gonna close this version of the mobile app where you can swipe up with 3 fingers to close it, I think.
Perigean: and go to the your home screen. If you yeah, there we are, so to click to delete it, you're gonna hold down on.
P16: It's like green.
Perigean: The green one. Yes, hold down until menu pops up. Yeah. You just hold, yeah, hold down on that icon, that green.
P16: Room. This used to be my back porch, but the government.
Perigean: Oh, wow!
P16: Hey, Don?
P16: I had a
P16: for the blind veterans they had a they had
P16: that grant.
P16: and they redid my bathroom. They do.
Perigean: Oh, cool!
P16: They took my back porch and made it the room, and red a new
P16: outstanding back porch. Bitter. Oh, my goodness! To grow.
Perigean: Oh! That!
P16: A lot of work. But this is my role.
Perigean: Yeah, cool. That's.
P16: I got my own refrigerator, my own microwave.
Perigean: Alright!
P16: Oh, if she gives me my own day.
P16: everything. But anyway.
Perigean: Very nice, very nice.
P16: Green, one here.
Perigean: The green one. Yes, if you hold down on that green icon. Yes, there we go. You tap, remove app. It's the top one top red, one.
P16: Delete.
Perigean: So delete delete app right. And now, delete, yes, and then I think we you had test flight on here, too. Right? We can find that.
Perigean: Get off, too.
Perigean: Wonder where it is? There it is bottom, right corner. Okay, same way. Remove app
Perigean: delete
Perigean: Delete. And now, if you go to the app store. I can help you get the Va. App on your ipad.
P16: I'm still had that old one, too.
Perigean: The old, that or the one that we just use today, that one that we had to take off. But the oh, so this is a web. This would be where your websites are.
P16: Right here.
Perigean: Bear isn't.
P16: You see this one right here. That's the old one I used to use.
Perigean: Right? So, so this is the. This is the my healthy Gov website.
Perigean: right? But what we have is in the app store. There is an app.
P16: I'm a good.
Perigean: What we just use like, what we just use today. Right? So if you go back, yeah, go to the app store, the blue one right? And if you search.
Perigean: yeah, just get me out of the way. I'm just blocking you. V. Put me in my drawer, Va, and then search
Perigean: right, and there's the Va app, and so you just tap. Get.
P16: Va hospital.
Perigean: Yeah. Do. Do you see that? Va Va. Health and benefits? It's a it's not a green icon, but.
P16: It's a blue one, right.
Perigean: So it says, get under it. If you tap, get
Perigean: that will download the va, you can and tap. Install. That will put the the Va. App
Perigean: on your ipad. You can open it.
P16: Oh!
Perigean: Going to.
P16: Okay.
Perigean: Yeah. So I'm gonna I'm gonna stop the recording now, because so we can sign in if you like. But yeah, you can use your
Perigean: You can use that your same.